# SQL-Portfolio-Projects
This repository provides a sample of my SQL & scrpting work used in data analysis. The SQL database was obtained from a sample SAP B1 database backup found in some online forums:

Project Name  | Description   |  Topic
------------- | ------------- | ------------------
[Manufacturing Production Board / Daily Work Priorities](https://github.com/aariefm/SQL-Projects-Portfolio-/tree/c2f09d0bc4d72a9fea2e900588eba68a8885895c/01_DailyWorkPriorities_ForManufacturingShop) | This SQL querywas deisgned to obtain data from a SAP database that returns all outsanding orders, sales order, customer, work order number, and section. This is paired with scripting to update a working spreadsheet to update it with new data. | Joins, importing and cleaning data, Powershell Scripting.
[Production Summary/ Monthly Equipment built](https://github.com/aariefm/SQL-Projects-Portfolio-/tree/c2f09d0bc4d72a9fea2e900588eba68a8885895c/02_Production_Summary)  | In this querym we aim to summarize the number of equipment built for the month, advises the shipping status, adds remarks from other depts for clarity to provide a partial overview of overall company performance | Joins, Aggregate Functions, CTEs, Powershell scripting.
[Inventory Analysis for a manufacturing company](https://github.com/aariefm/SQL-Projects-Portfolio-/tree/c2f09d0bc4d72a9fea2e900588eba68a8885895c/03_Inventory_Analysis)  | In this SQL project, we will analyse a company's inventory to find out parts are missing and how much is required to fullfill outstanding customer orders.  | Joins, ABC Analysis, CTEs, FSN Analysis.
[Analysing labor cost for machining for a manufacturing shop floor](https://github.com/aariefm/SQL-Projects-Portfolio-/)  | In this SQL project, we will analyse the labor costs for a manufacturing shop floor to see how muuch machining was done and categorized by which product line they fulfilled and determine whether it may be more cost effective to procure pre-machined raw materials to offset labor cost and increase shop output.  | Joins, Common Table Expressions (CTE), Aggregate Functions, Window Functions, Views.
[Data Analysis & Statistics for categories Equipment Orders](https://github.com/aariefm/SQL-Projects-Portfolio-/)  | In this project, we take a look at the sold and fulfilled equipment orders for customers and will analyse which family of products were popular, what miniimum inventory level adjustments should be recommended based on this, products where optimization may be required in terms of streamlining production process or supply chain optimization to enahnce economies of scale .  | SQL, Common Table Expressions (CTE), Window Functions, Aggregate Functions, Recursive CTEs.

